Adding proxy service support for Service Catalog documentation (#4751)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/tutorials/integration-tutorials/service-catalog-tutorial-for-proxy-services.md

Also, this demonstrates how the integration components and API management components of WSO2 API Manager 4.1.0 work together to enable API-led integration.

## Let's get started!

Follow the steps given below to build this use case and try it out.

### Step 1: Develop the integration service

Follow the instructions given in this section to create and configure the required artifacts.

1.  Download the relevant [WSO2 Integration Studio](https://wso2.com/api-management/tooling/) based on your operating system.
2.  Open **WSO2 Integration Studio**.
3.  Click **New Integration Project** in the **Getting Started** tab as shown below.

    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/tutorials/common/create-integration-project.jpg" width="700">

    This will open the <b>New Integration Project</b> dialog box.

> 4.  Enter `ProxyServiceSample` as the project name and select the following check boxes to create the required modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.  Enter `ProxyServiceSample` as the project name and select the following checkboxes to create the required modules.
```

    -   **Create ESB Configs**
    -   **Create Composite Exporter**

5.  Click **Finish**.

    You can see the projects listed in the **Project Explorer** as shown below:

    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/tutorials/service-catalog/expose-soap-service/project-explorer-service-catalog.png">

    !!! Note
        A **resources** folder is created in the `ProxyServiceSampleConfigs` project. This folder holds the metadata YAML files of the created proxy services. These YAML files will be uploaded to the Service Catalog later in this tutorial.   
    
6. Create a **Proxy Service** artifact.

    1.  In the project explorer, right-click **ProxyServiceSampleConfigs** and click **New -> Proxy Service**.

>     2.  Follow the [Using a Simple Proxy Service]({{base_path}}/integrate/examples/proxy_service_examples/introduction-to-proxy-services.md) to create the StockQuoteProxy Proxy Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2.  Follow the [Using a Simple Proxy Service example]({{base_path}}/integrate/examples/proxy_service_examples/introduction-to-proxy-services.md) to create the StockQuoteProxy Proxy Service.
```

        </td>
    </tr>
</table>

<img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/tutorials/service-catalog/expose-soap-service/metadata-folder-service-catalog.png" width="400">

### Step 2: Configure service metadata

Let's update the metadata of the integration service.

1.  Open the `StockQuoteProxy_proxy_metadata.yaml` file from the project explorer.
2.  Update the following values in the file.

    <table>
        <tr>
            <th>
                Parameter
            </th>
            <th>
                Value
            </th>
            <th>
                Description
            </th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                description
            </td>
            <td>
                <code>Response a sample payload from the service</code>
            </td>
            <td>
                Explain the purpose of the Proxy Service.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                serviceUrl
            </td>
            <td>
                <code>http://localhost:8290/services/StockQuoteProxy</code>
            </td>
            <td>

>                 This is the URL of the API when it gets deployed in the Micro Integrator. You (as the integration developer) may not know this URL during development. Therefore, you can parameterize the URL to be resolved later using environment variables. By default, the <code>{MI_HOST}</code> and <code>{MI_PORT}</code> values are parameterized with placeholders. In the runtime, if placeholder values are not defined server default hostname and http/https listener ports will be used.</br></br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                This is the URL of the API when it gets deployed in the Micro Integrator. You (as the integration developer) may not know this URL during development. Therefore, you can parameterize the URL to be resolved later using environment variables. By default, the <code>{MI_HOST}</code> and <code>{MI_PORT}</code> values are parameterized with placeholders. In the runtime, if placeholder values are not defined, the server default hostname and HTTP/HTTPS listener ports are used.</br></br>
```

                    </li>
                </ul>
            </td>
        </tr>
    </table>

    !!! Tip
        See the [Service Catalog API documentation]({{base_path}}/reference/product-apis/service-catalog-apis/service-catalog-v1/service-catalog-v1/) for more information on the metadata in the YAML file.

3.  <b>Important</b>: Be sure to change the `serviceUrl` from HTTPS to HTTP. This is required because the StockQuoteProxy is not secured.

4.  Leave the default values for the remaining parameters. 

### Step 3: Configure the Micro Integrator 

The Micro Integrator contains a client application, which automatically publishes artifacts to the **Service Catalog** in the **API Publisher** portal. 

Let's enable this client for the embedded Micro Integrator of WSO2 Integration Studio.

1.  Click the <b>Embedded Micro Integrator Configuration</b> (<img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/tutorials/common/server-config-64x64.png" width="20">) icon on the upper menu to open the dialog box.
2.  Uncomment the `[[service_catalog]]` section as shown below and change the APIM server configurations accordingly. 

    !!! Tip

>         The default username and password for connecting to the API gateway is `admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The default username and password for connecting to the API Gateway is `admin`.
```

    ```toml
    [[service_catalog]]
    apim_host = "https://localhost:9443"
    enable = true
    username = "admin"
    password = "admin"
    ```

3.  **Optionally**, you can encrypt the username and password for better security:

    1.  Update the configuration as shown below. 

        ```toml
        [secrets]
        userName = "[admin]"
        password = "[admin]"

        [[service_catalog]]
        apim_host = "https://localhost:9443"
        enable = true
        username = "$secret{username}"
        password = "$secret{password}"
        ```

    2.  Click **Encrypt Secrets**. 
    
    !!! Tip
        See [Encrypt static (embedded) server secrets]({{base_path}}/integrate/develop/using-embedded-micro-integrator/#encrypt-static-embedded-server-secrets) for details.

4.  Save the configurations.

> 5.  **Optionally**, inject environment variables to your Micro Integrator. Default in runtime, if placeholder `{MI_HOST}` and `{MI_PORT}` values are not defined server default hostname and http/https listener ports will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5.  **Optionally**, inject environment variables to your Micro Integrator. The default behavior during runtime is if the placeholder `{MI_HOST}` and `{MI_PORT}` values are not defined, the server default hostname and HTTP/HTTPS listener ports are used.
```

You can now see the new API's overview page.

<img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/tutorials/service-catalog/expose-soap-service/api-overview.png" alt="new api view">

!!! Note
    -   You can use the left-hand navigation to explore the new API.
    -   Click **Endpoints** in the left-hand navigator. You will see that the new API uses the integration service deployed in the Micro Integrator as the endpoint (backend).
        <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/tutorials/service-catalog/expose-soap-service/endpoint-config-of-api.png" alt="endpoint view">

**Select business plans**

Let's allocate some business plans for the API.

1.  Go to the API overview and click **Business Plan**.

    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/tutorials/service-catalog/api-overview-business-plan.png" alt="click to add business plan">

3.  Select at least one business plan for the API and save.
 
    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/tutorials/service-catalog/expose-soap-service/api-business-plans.png" alt="add business plans to api">

**Deploy API in the Gateway**

> Let's deploy the API in a gateway environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's deploy the API in a Gateway environment.
```

1.  Go to the API overview and click **Deploy**.
    
    !!! Tip
        This opens the **Deployment** tab in the left-hand navigator.
    
    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/tutorials/service-catalog/api-overview-deployment.png" alt="open the deployment options">

2.  Click **Default** to specify the gateway environment and host.

    !!! Tip

>         This setting deploys the API in Production as well as Sandbox gateways. Find out more about [gateway environments]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/api-gateway/maintaining-separate-production-and-sandbox-gateways).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This setting deploys the API in Production as well as Sandbox Gateways. Find out more about [Gateway environments]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/api-gateway/maintaining-separate-production-and-sandbox-gateways).
```

    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/tutorials/service-catalog/expose-soap-service/api-deployment-revision.png" alt="select gateways for the deployment">

3.  **Optionally**, you can add a description.

4.  Click **Deploy**. 

You will now see the deployment as the first revision of the API:

<img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/tutorials/service-catalog/expose-soap-service/api-gateway-deployment-summary.png" alt="api first revision">

### Step 8: Publish the API

> Go to the API overview in the **Publisher** portal and click **Publish** for the `StockQuoteProxy` as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the API overview in the **Publisher Portal** and click **Publish** for the `StockQuoteProxy` as shown below.
```

<img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/tutorials/service-catalog/api-overview-publish.png">

> The API is now available in the **Developer** portal for consumers to access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API is now available in the **Developer Portal** for consumers to access.
```

### Step 9: Subscribe to the API

Now, let's assume you are an API consumer who wants to use the API. As a consumer, you need to first subscribe to the API.

> 1.  Sign in to the **Developer** portal: `https://localhost:9443/devportal/apis`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Sign in to the **Developer Portal**: `https://localhost:9443/devportal/apis`. 
```

    !!! Tip
        Use `admin` as the username and password.

2.  Go to the **API** tab. The `StockQuoteProxy` is listed as shown below.

    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/tutorials/service-catalog/expose-soap-service/developer-portal-api-list.png">

3.  Select the `StockQuoteProxy` to open the API overview.

    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/tutorials/service-catalog/expose-soap-service/developer-portal-api-overview.png">

4.  Go to the **Subscriptions** tab and subscribe using the **DefaultApplication** as shown below.

    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/tutorials/service-catalog/expose-soap-service/developer-portal-api-subscription.png">

!!! Tip
    For detailed instructions, see [Subscribe to an API]({{base_path}}/consume/manage-subscription/subscribe-to-an-api/).

### Step 10: Use the SOAP Passthrough API

!!! Info "Before you begin"

    Let's start the back-end service.

    1. Download the [back-end service](https://github.com/wso2-docs/WSO2_EI/blob/master/Back-End-Service/axis2Server.zip).

>     2. Extract the downloaded zip file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Extract the downloaded ZIP file.
```

>     3. Open a terminal, navigate to the `axis2Server/bin/` directory inside the extracted folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. Open the command line and navigate to the `axis2Server/bin/` directory inside the extracted folder.
```

>     4. Execute the following command to start the axis2server with the SimpleStockQuote back-end service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4. Execute the following command to start the axis2server with the SimpleStockQuote backend service:
```

    
        ```bash tab='On MacOS/Linux/CentOS'
        sh axis2server.sh
        ```
    
        ```bash tab='On Windows'
        axis2server.bat
        ```

**Generate access token**

> When you consume an API from the marketplace, your access to the API is authenticated. Therefore, the **DefaultApplication** that you used for subscribing to the API should get an access token for the gateway environment in which the API is deployed. Since the `StockQuoteProxy` is deployed in the Production gateway, you must generate **PROD** keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you consume an API from the marketplace, your access to the API is authenticated. Therefore, the **DefaultApplication** that you used for subscribing to the API should get an access token for the Gateway environment in which the API is deployed. Since the `StockQuoteProxy` is deployed in the Production Gateway, you must generate **PROD** keys.
```

> 1.  Go to the **Subscriptions** tab for the `StockQuoteProxy` in the **Developer** portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Go to the **Subscriptions** tab for the `StockQuoteProxy` in the **Developer Portal**.
```
